---
layout:     post
title:      About This, That, and Me
date:       Aug 1, 2010
---

[[/images/BigJibby.jpg|alt=A picture of me|float|align=right ]]
I'm Matt Read, a 29 year old male from Ottawa, Canada. That's the capital of Canada for all you who
don't know that already. I enjoy skateboarding, playing hockey and soccer, and working on my
website.

My favourite TV show of all time is MacGyver, and Good Will Hunting is my favorite movie. I program
in PHP, MySQL, Javascript, and Bash Scripting, and I love playing with Python. I'm a bit pedantic
about producing **semantic** (X)HTML (and no, valid does not mean semantic).

## About This Site

This site is my personal website since June 2003. This site is powered by Habari. It contains my
(almost) daily web log about my life and stuff I find on the Internet. For more information and help
in browsing this site, visit the links below.

- **These links are under construction**
- [Frequently Asked Questions](/faq)
- [Accessibility Statement](/accessibility)
- [Privacy Policy](/privacy)
- [Comments Policy](/comments-policy)
- [Copyright Information](/copyright)

## Other Sites of Mine

I have a few sites scattered around the net. Here's a short list.

- [Dropoid](http://dropoid.com) - An easy to use dropbox, with an upload limit of 42MB!
- [Drunken Monkey Labs](http://drunkenmonkey.org) - My coding and development playground.
- [Matt Read, Git](http://http://github.com/MattRead) - My GitHub repos.

## Contact Matt

You can contact me by any of the below mentioned ways. I would prefer if you use the
[Contact Form](/contact). However, feel free to email me, but please use my
[GnuPG Public Key](/gpg.html). Also feal free to IM me at any time.

- Please use the [Contact Form](/contact).
- Email: webmaster 'at' mattread 'dot' com
- Yahoo IM: MattRead67
- Aol IM: MattRead67
- IRC: #linuxoutlaws, #swhack, and #habari as nick BigJibby on the freenode network
