---
layout:     post
title:      Privacy Policy
date:       Aug 1, 2010
---

I promise not to disclose your private information to any third party except if required to do so by
law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal process,
respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Matt Read, Notes? users or the
public. I take all reasonable  care in handling your personal information to ensure its security
both offline and online.

I reserve the right to amend this privacy policy without notice and without consultation.

## Types of Information I Collect

You are free to browse Matt Read, Notes? without submitting any personal information at
all. Your IP address (your current Internet address) is stored in the server logs at the time of
your visit, as it is on all web sites. I do not collect any personal information (such as a name,
address or e-mail address) when you visit the site unless you register to the site or provied the
information when leaving a comment.

## Postings Comments on Articles

It is important remember that when you provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone
number) in a online posting that that information  is visible to anyone, and may be used by someone
in a manner unintended by you. For that reason, I discourage you from posting any personal
information  on this or any website in comments or otherwise.

## Cookies

The software runing this site uses browser cookies to keep track of which messages you have read,
and other information about your session. Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored on your
hard drive between visits. These cookies do not collect, store or maintain any private, personally
identifiable information. You do not have to accept these cookies to visit or use the site (although
turning cookies off will impair the site's functionality), and you can choose to refuse the
cookies, delete the cookies from your hard drive or turn off cookies at any time by updating your
user profile preferences.

## Questions And Concerns

If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to
[contact me](/about.html#contact). Please use the Subject "Privacy Policy" or similar.

